♪ My name is Cleveland Brown
♪ And I am proud to be
♪ Right back in my hometown
♪ With my new family
♪ There's old friends
and new friends ♪
♪ And even a bear
♪ Through good times
and bad times ♪
♪ It's true love we share ♪
♪ And so I found a place
♪ Where everyone will know
♪ My happy mustached face
♪ This is The Cleveland Show. ♪
(chuckles)
Bacon,
cheese, eggs.
Smells like a Denny's in here,
but without the old man stink.
You got that covered.
No, I smell
like a middle-aged man:
Propecia, hot wings,
and night sweats
from our
adjustable-rate mortgage.
Now, pass those eggs.
Uh-uh.
Remember what Dr. Fist
said about your cholesterol?
Yes, he said it was "appalling"
and "life-threatening."
Uh, pass the eggs.
This is your breakfast,
Cleveland,
the same breakfast you've been
eating for the past two weeks.
More twigs?
Fiber Twigs-- the cereal
that lowers your cholesterol.
(crunches)
Aah!
I got a splinter!
'Cause you got a mouthful
of wood, like usual.
Huh? Oh.
(laughs)
(both laughing)
(Cleveland growls,
Roberta screams)
Hey!
Oh, come on, baby,
I need you alive and healthy
for the karaoke contest
this weekend.
We could win $500,
and I don't want a repeat
of our high school talent show.
(pop music)
♪ Love
♪ Love will keep us
together... ♪
(tapering off):
Donna, I got my license.
(farts)
Oh, Roberta.
ROBERTA (distantly):
I'm in my room!
That's just your breakfast
getting down to business.
Here's your lunch--
bran muffin, can of
beans, and for dessert,
some of that Jamie Lee Curtis
yogurt that makes you poop.
(farts)
Damn, Daddy.
Remember
when that cat crawled
in the air conditioning duct
and died,
and we couldn't get it out
for 16 months?
That was like a Glade Plug-In
compared to this.
(laughs)
Heat rises.
I smell nothing.
Oh, what do you think
you're...?
Aah, oh, no, aah,
put me down, put me down!
(groaning)
(farts, grunts)
(farting and grunting)
(upset murmuring)
Oh, what if they come in here?
What the...?
(meows)
Oh, my-- oh, no!
Auntie Em, Auntie Em!
(cats yowling)
Oh, Terry, hurry up,
we got to go!
But I'm not finish-- oh!
(groaning, glass shattering)
Ah, oh, ow! Oh!
Ow, my urethra!
(screams)
(grunts)
(farts)
(sheepish chuckle)
I'm sorry, Terry,
but I'm on this new
high-fiber diet, and I--
My hermaphrodite yogurt!
Look, if you're gonna
be my partner,
I don't want to hear
one more fart out of you.
Is that clear?!
Yes, sir.
Good, 'cause I...
Oh, you bastard!
Ha, ha, sometimes
they no make a noise.
(coughing)
(choked groan)
(tires screeching)
Look out!
(both screaming)
(gasping):
I can't believe...
my last breath...
(grunting)
is gonna be
your ass-gas.
I always knew
we would die this way.
Good-bye, Terry.
(both screaming)
(projector clacking)
BOTH:
Gee, thanks,
Mr. Flippers.
Terry, always keep
your eyes on the road.
Will do.
And Cleveland, see a doctor
about your ungodly flatulence.
Yes, sir.
Good.
See you later, peoples.
BOTH:
Bye, Mr. Flippers!
(techno music playing)
(clapping)
You're deep.
Thank you.
I was a philosophy major.
Everything checks
out, Cleveland.
Your flatulence is a
perfectly normal side effect
of a high-fiber diet.
So you're saying
all this farting is okay?
No, I'm saying it's
medically necessary.
But what
about the social stigma?
Won't people consider me
a gross, farting pig
like Tommy Lasorda?
I'll write you a note.
You mean a free pass
to pass gas
wherever and whenever
I want to?
The medical term
is a fart card,
but remember,
Cleveland,
with great power comes
great responsibility.
(drum intro)
(bell dings)
(passengers clamoring)
Fart card.
♪ Let one out
♪ I gotta let one out
(Cleveland farts, Rallo laughs)
(farts)
(groans)
(vomits)
(farts)
(groans)
♪ He was a famous trumpet man
from out Chicago way ♪
(barely audible):
♪ He had a boogie style that
no one else could play ♪
BOTH:
♪ He was the top man
at his craft ♪
♪ But then
his number came up... ♪
♪ And he...
(clears throat)
What did I tell you?
You got to project, Kendra.
Sing like you do when you're
in your washtub out back.
(barely audible):
♪ A-toot, a-toot,
a-toot-diddly-a-da-toot. ♪
(sobbing):
Oh, I'll...
(music stops)
I'll never be no Kellie Pickler!
(sobbing)
Poor, fat Kendra.
Lester and Kendra,
everybody.
Vote with your applause.
Wow, that really
was not very popular.
You two will not advance
to the finals Sunday night
and thus will not be winning
the $500 grand prize.
Play 'em off, Charlie.
(music plays)
♪ 'Cause you had a bad day ♪
♪ You're taking one down ♪
♪ You sing a sad song
just to turn it around ♪
♪ You say you don't know,
you tell me don't lie ♪
♪ You work at a smile
and you go for a ride ♪
♪ You had a bad day.
No regrets!
♪ Then when I lose
my will ♪
♪ You'll be there
to push me up the hill ♪
BOTH:
♪ There's no,
no looking back for us ♪
♪ We've got love,
sure 'nough, that's enough ♪
♪ You're all,
you're all I need ♪
♪ To get by.
That hairy beast can sing.
Gosh.
Gee whiz.
What a tough act to follow, huh?
Boy, I wouldn't want
to follow them.
Following them
are Cleveland Brown
and his wife,
Mrs. Cleveland Brown.
(slow pop intro)
♪ I never knew love
like this before ♪
♪ Now I'm lonely
nevermore ♪
♪ Since you came
♪ Into my life
♪ You are my love light
♪ This I know
♪ And I'll never let you... ♪
(farting)
♪ Oh-- oh, you're my all-- ♪
♪ Oh, boy-- your heart...
(farts)
Oh, it burns.
♪ Part of me...
(farts)
Oh, bad, bad,
nothing but problems.
♪ Once I was lost,
and now I'm found ♪
♪ Then you turned
my world around ♪
Ow, ow, ow!
(Cleveland farting,
crowd laughing)
(farting)
♪ 'Cause I never ♪
♪ Knew love
like this ♪
♪ Before
(farting melody)
♪ What a surprise
♪ 'Cause I never knew
love like this ♪
♪ Before.
ALL:
Wow!
(cheering)
(screams with delight)
Great job, folks.
You made the finals.
Everybody, be
back here Sunday
to watch the Browns
and the Bears
face off on national television.
(applause)
Then, after the football game,
we'll turn off the TV and finish
our stupid karaoke contest.
I always thought I had a
God-given talent, Donna.
I'm a fartiste.
We get you farting, too,
and we'll be unbeatable.
Cleveland,
I want to win by singing.
Why? Take the
low road, baby.
(farts)
It's so much more
fun and profitable.
I mean, who would you rather be:
Weird Al Yankovic or Dido?
Dido.
You and I are very
different people, Donna.
(phone rings)
Hello.
Uh-huh.
Singing.
(scoffing) Puh.
Don't have to pay royalties
on... (farts) these babies.
No, sir, my creative output is
entirely... (farts) my own.
Cleveland.
(farts quietly)
It's about Loretta.
Loretta?!
(farts loudly)
Ha, what about her?
(farting)
What about my lousy...
two-timing... ugly-ass...
ex-wife?
(farting)
She's dead.
Oh.
(farts quietly)
Yes, I understand.
I will handle
the arrangements.
Thank you for
the sentiment.
(farts)
Good-bye.
I am so sorry,
Cleveland.
Loretta had no next
of kin in Quahog,
so one of my old friends is
driving the body down here.
The funeral is... Friday.
(farts)
There she is.
Oh, what a drive.
13 hours is a long way with
only one hand on the wheel.
Oh!
Ha, sex.
You want to see her?
Why is she wearing
a French maid's costume?
'Cause I wanted to nail
a dead French maid.
Giggity, giggity!
I've... missed you,
Glenn.
Do you know
how she died?
Yep, it all started when Brian
dug up a brontosaurus skull.
All right,
little more, little more.
I'll have this sucker
in the bedroom in no time.
(creaking rumble)
(alarm beeps)
Oh, time
for United States of Tara.
(rumbling)
No, no, no, no, no, no!
Oh, God!
Wait, what's that?
Oh, look
at her gross boobs.
(laughter)
Well, I'll run her over
to the funeral home.
Then I'm heading up to Langley.
Got a background gag
in a bachelor party scene
on American Dad.
Oh, that... that's good.
Paying work.
Save it.
Have fun on your
spin-off, Joey.
I will!
And this ain't no Joey,
you one-note (bleep)!
We are so sorry,
Cleveland.
Please accept our tuna
for this difficult time.
It's a pity you two
will have to drop out
of the karaoke finals.
Such a disappointment.
Excuse me?
I don't think
we're dropping out.
Hell, no.
We're going to win--
to spite Loretta.
She was an awful person.
How did Cleveland Jr.
take the news?
Why would my son care
that my ex-wife is dead?
Oh, boy.
(tune of "Three Blind Mice"):
♪ Warm white socks
♪ Gee, you are fun,
gee, you are fun ♪
♪ I washed you and rolled you
all up in a ball ♪
♪ Carried you upstairs
and then down the hall ♪
♪ You make me feel
11 feet tall ♪
♪ My warm white socks.
Good evening,
Cleveland Jr.
Hello.
Son,
I have some good news
and some bad news.
Well, can I have
the good news first?
The good news is
that I bought you
a handsome new
funeral suit!
Wow!
("Pretty Woman"
instrumental playing)
(music stops)
And now for the bad news.
Junior, your mother,
Loretta, is dead.
The funeral is Friday.
(farts)
Watch out
for this boy, Lord.
Oh. I see.
Well, that...
that's very sad news.
If you want to cry,
it's okay.
Don't hold it
in, Junior.
I've been reading up
on child grief and...
Oh, Dr. Genstler's book?
Uh, I'm not sure.
It was in that free
parenting magazine
they give away at
the supermarket.
Oh, because Dr. Genstler
said that it's possible
to grieve for a loss
before an actual death.
I've already mourned the loss
of my mother
and that broken family,
and now I have
a new family
that will love
and support me
in a way that,
unfortunately,
my biological mother
never could.
I still don't know
if you're smart or stupid.
So, you're okay?
Well, I'm sad that Mom
was never able to find
what she was looking for
in her life, Daddy,
but yeah, I'm okay.
Okay, Junior,
but we're here
if you need us.
That boy is a ticking bomb.
Say, you up
for a nooner?
No.
What time is it?
1:30.
You up for
a one-thirtier?
No!
See you at 2:00.
(snaps fingers)
(clicks tongue, farts)
(bell tolls)
Mmm. Poor Junior.
Keeping it all in.
You watch--
in 20 minutes,
we'll be picking
up the pieces.
And he's a big boy, so there's
gonna be a lot of pieces.
(laughs)
I'm sorry.
That's inappropriate.
Loretta Brown
was a woman I did not know,
but according to Wikipedia,
a woman by that name
won a Grammy in 1989
for Best Spoken Word Album.
Another woman by that name--
or possibly her, as well--
served in the Australian
Parliament
between 1958 and 1964.
Citation needed.
Praise the Lord!
We now commit the body
of Loretta Marie Callender Brown
to the Earth.
(choked sob)
Stay strong, Junior.
(whirring)
(choked sobbing)
(clearing throat)
(sobbing)
No! No!
No! (sobs)
It's too soon!
Why, God?
Why?!
(farts)
(sobs, farts)
I'll miss you both.
All right, close it up.
Who's up for barbecue?
(Cleveland sobbing)
(moaning)
(sobbing)
Do you still love
her, Cleveland?
No. No, baby.
I love you.
(farts)
Having an emotional breakdown
on your ex-wife's casket
is a strange way to show it.
I'm sure I'll have
the same reaction
on your casket
in front of my third wife.
Cleveland, that
was the woman
you always
complained about.
The woman who cheated on you,
who slept with your friends.
Well, one friend.
No, there were more.
Peter Griffin told
me at our wedding.
Mayor West, Ollie Williams,
Frank Sinatra Jr.,
the greased-up
deaf man...
Guy.
The point is, Cleveland,
she wasn't good to you.
I know.
I have no idea
what happened at the funeral.
I don't know why
I lost control or... or...
(sobbing): Or why I'm
still upset about it!
Well, you'd better...
(farting)
You'd better figure
it out, Cleveland,
before you lose
another wife.
I would slam the door, but
the children are sleeping.
I'll act as if you did.
Thanks.
You don't have to be
so damn dramatic!
RALLO:
Don't worry, Cleveland.
She ain't leaving.
She broke.
Hot tea-- how classy.
Do you take it
with one dong or two?
No, it's...
it's too hot for dongs.
Just honey. It's good for the...
the karaoke vocal chords.
Hey, maybe you and Donna
should just give up now, eh?
(chuckles)
Whatever, Tim.
No, no, no. No,
I'm... I'm just...
I'm giving you friendly
trash talk. (stammering)
Now you say something
rude about me
or-or how fat
my mama is.
Look, Tim, Donna's
not even speaking to me,
much less singing
with me,
so you got nothing
to worry about.
McFALL:
Wrong. Dead wrong.
Mrs. Hot Brown's
singing with me.
Say what?
Said she wanted to piss you off
by showing she'd
be happier singing
with the most pathetic piece
of human garbage she could find.
Her words.
(sighs)
I've got one wife that's dead
and one wife that hates me.
Just like O.J. Simpson.
He's hurting bad.
Why else would
a black guy
talk that way about
O.J. Simpson? (chuckles)
Yes, and what kind
of friends would we be
if we didn't help him?
Normal American
male friends.
Let's book while he's
still in the john.
(mouth full):
I don't understand, Loretta.
Why did I cry
at your funeral?
You did me so wrong.
I moved on.
So, why am I upset?
No, no, no, no, no, no!
Wait. That's it.
(high-pitched whooping)
MAN:
Ow!
Hey, I'm trying
to mourn over here.
Oh, it's a cookie.
Thank you.
♪ 'Cause you ♪
♪ You mean the world to me
♪ Oh
♪ I know
♪ I've found ♪
♪ In you
♪ My endless love.
I am not going
to go out there
and sing "On Top
of Spaghetti."
Well, how about
"Yes, We Have No Bananas"?
(crashing)
Donna, wait.
There's something
I got to tell you.
What, Cleveland?
I figured out why I cried
at Loretta's funeral.
Survivor's guilt.
Survivor's guilt?
What does that
mean, Cleveland?
It means I fell out
of that bathtub
more times
than could possibly be funny--
and never a scratch.
She falls out once,
breaks her neck
and gets Quagmired.
It could have been me.
You cried
at your ex-wife's funeral
because of survivor's guilt?
Donna, let me
ask you something.
Would you cry
if Robert died?
Hush your mouth! (gasps)
You still want to sleep
with him, don't you?
I'd like to be asked.
So I can tell him no.
It's not how it seemed
when you first said
you'd like to be asked.
Survivor's guilt.
No looking back?
No looking back.
McFALL:
Oh, my God.
We do have more olives.
(pop intro)
♪ Love
♪ Love will keep
us together ♪
♪ Think of me,
babe, whenever... ♪
(crowd booing)
Where's the farting?
Any ass can sing.
We want the singing ass.
CROWD:
Cleveland!
Cleveland! Cleveland!
Better give them
what they want, baby.
You are my soul mate.
CROWD: Cleveland! Cleveland!
Cleveland! Cleveland! Cleveland!
(passing gas melodically)
(whooshing)
(cheering and applause)
(sobbing)
You see, Arianna?
I told you you
should have let me
take a poop
on the stage.
Tim, that can't be
your answer to everything.
(crowd cheering)
I love you, Cleveland.
I love you, too, Loretta.
(farts)
(quiet piano)
(no audible dialogue)
CLEVELAND:
Good-bye, Loretta.